---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: true
---

Welcome to AURORA Clinic app!


These privacy plicies outline the data security and privacy rules and regulations for the use of AURORA Clinic app. By using this app you accept these privacy plicies. Do not continue to use AURORA Clinic app if you do not agree to take all of the privacy plicies stated on this page.


AURORA Clinic app take user (medical practitioners) data privacy and user’s client (patients) data privacy very seriously. We do NOT share any data from our platform with any third party. 


All data is stored securely in Google Firebase cloud infrastructures in India. Access to all the data is controlled such that only the app user who created the subjected user data only have access to it. 


In the unlikely event of an app crash or  runtime error occurs, the app will send diagnostic messages which may be used internally for analytics to enhance our offerings. These diagnostic messages do not contain any personal information of the user or any user generated data.


We also store parts of user’s purchase transactions for in-app purchases in Google Play Store Console, Apple App Store Connect and in RevenueCat. By using this app you also agree to the privacy policies of these respective platforms.


Please note that the following proposed features will have a significant effect on our privacy policy in the future. _None of these have been implemented yet._

* We may provide access to pharmaceutical industries to this platform - This is necessary so that pharma industries can update their medical offerings (drugs and medicines etc) by themselves and provide a robust and up to date clinical environment.
* We may partner with online pharmacies - This will allow app user's clients (patients) to enjoy home delivery of prescribed medicines. This will require us to share medical prescriptions generated by the app's user (medical practitioner) with online pharmacies. Such transactions will of course will be performed after taking prior consent of the patient electronically or via phone call. User's clients may chose to not opt for the online service or may opt to not recive such communication.
* Connect AURORA Clinic app with Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission - National Digital Health Mission of Govt of India so that medical records of patients of Indian origin and created within the territory of India are part of the distributed national health repository. For more information please refer to https://healthid.ndhm.gov.in/


We have the right to change any part of our privacy policy anytime without prior notification.


